fix: merge custom headers with the ones set by services (#1074)
bastienwirtz/homer: AGENTS.md

- Extend `Generic.vue` using Vue slots (`<template #indicator>`, `<template #content>`, `<template #icon>`)
- Use the `service.js` mixin (`src/mixins/service.js`) for common API functionality
- Use a custom `fetch` method provided by the service mixin to seamlessly support proxy configuration, custom headers, and credentials.

> - Never call the native `fetch` in a service component. `OpenWeather` (third-party public API) and `Rtorrent` (XML-RPC on a separate host) are the only exceptions, and are not examples to follow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Never call the native `fetch` in a service component unless you have a specific reason not to. See `OpenWeather` (third-party public API) or `Rtorrent` (XML-RPC on a separate host) for use case where the service fetch is not suitable.
```
Just to keep it more generic and always up to date. If you are ok with the idea, feel free to adjust my suggestion, i'm not a native english speaker as you know 😅
